(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Take care of Ms. Han...
You've been asking for the Special Unit...
Let's go up together.
You're incredible.
Do you want to succeed this badly?
I don't care what you say.
Drop the charges.
I'm Ma Yi Deum.
I will testify as to what happened that day.
He shoved her up against the wall, and kissed her.
I also saw Ms. Han stomp on his left foot...
with her heel.
What are you doing?
It was contrary to what you promised me.
I can't bring you success, but I can ruin you.
I can't get into the Special Unit anyway.
You shouldn't either! That's only fair!
Let's meet under better circumstances next time.
That won't happen.
Let's not meet again.
Congratulations.
You're finally a PWNF.
Prosecutor With No Future.
Says who? I haven't given up on my future.
What's a Crimes Against Girls Unit?
Oh, CAGU?
Ms. Min Ji Sook started that unit.
Oh my gosh.
The icon of justice, conviction, and demotion.
This is insane.
Ms. Ma?
You hate being here?
How could I not?
- I volunteered. - Awesome!
There are a lot of rumors about you.
This means you won't have a chance in front...
of the camera for winning a case.
So a male TA raped a female professor?
I didn't do it.
He's the victim.
You're dating, correct?
Woo Sung had the same ring.
Does he know as well...
that the call was recorded?
Are you telling me...
to become a female rapist?
I refuse.
But I'll forever be the loser...
who was assaulted by a woman.
If I'm unlucky, they'll find out that I'm gay.
Can you live my life for me?
We should just punish the assailant.
Must we consider the victim's situation?
The victim went along with being framed...
in order to protect that secret.
You are homosexual, and like men, correct?
Your Honor.
Prosecution is violating the witness' privacy.
I will submit a recording...
of the defendant trying to rape the victim.
Prosecution. You'll submit what?
Ms. Ma.
We knew the victim was homosexual.
On top of that,
we knew that the lover of the witness...
recorded the phone call about the rape that night.
However, the victim was concerned about...
his sexual orientation being revealed at court.
That is why we did not submit it as evidence.
As you just heard,
the defense violated the victim's privacy.
We decided there is no reason to hesitate.
I will hand in the evidence.
Let's hear it.
Yes, Your Honor.
I know your thesis is excellent.
Professor.
You have a nice body.
Professor!
- Professor! - No!
It's a lie. It's a fabrication!
I'm being framed! No!
I'm being framed! You. Woo Sung.
Tell the truth!
Lies!
It's all lies!
Let go!
- Let go! - Keep it down!
(Episode 3)
The verdict is out.
A year and half in jail and 3 years' probation.
The victim is gay. This case is interesting.
The headline should say, "The First Female Rapist".
A female assailant and a homosexual victim.
What a way to stab someone in the back.
- Sorry? - It was you, wasn't it?
You leaked to the defense that Woo Sung was gay.
Well... Regardless, we won.
"Regardless, we won?"
Didn't you see how he looked...
when it came up earlier?
I did.
Don't you think about...
how he must feel right now?
Why must I do that?
What?
I'm a prosecutor, not a lawyer.
Ms. Ma!
Are you a psychopath?
A psychopath?
Ma.
Woo Sung.
What happened?
How did they find out about Woo Sung?
When did you prepare the recording?
- The thing is... - Long time no see,
Ms. Min.
It's been a while, Chief Cho...
Should I be calling you mayor candidate Cho?
Ms. Min.
You haven't changed in the last 20 years.
You can't improve if you only look back.
Same goes for you.
You're still shameless and brazen.
Let's not fight...
in front of the kids.
You're the prosecutor from earlier, right?
I enjoyed the trial.
You need to bring up your game, Heo.
Yes, sir.
It was you in the washroom, right?
- Pardon? - The phone.
You left it outside for me to see.
You sent a fake text.
Am I wrong?
I don't remember doing such a thing.
Of course not.
Did such a thing happen?
Yes.
I didn't know it was a trap she made.
I learned my lesson.
I'll be careful from now.
All right, then. See you next time.
Ms. Sun will take her appeal...
to Kang and Oh.
Did you hear?
Yes. I know, sir.
Then you must know that my offer for you...
at Sunwoo Foundation is no longer valid.
Yes.
If you do, then you can walk back.
Remind yourself of your beginning.
What a funny girl.
Are you talking about Heo?
Have you heard of the fishing prosecutor?
Pardon?
They leaked information about the victim...
as if it would become a useful evidence...
and used it as bait on the defense.
Is there such a prosecutor?
There is.
She's under that stubborn Min Ji Sook.
Isn't it funny?
I'll look into her.
A prosecutor isn't in a detective agency!
What?
I've considered the secondary damages.
- And? - You know better than me.
You know how rape trials are run in Korea.
A man in his 40s approached...
a teenage girl saying he'll make her an idol...
and then raped her.
It was a case handled by your team.
The court saw it as voluntary sex,
and he was released as a free man.
There was DNA evidence and a witness testimony.
But the verdict can change with few drops of tears...
from the assailant.
On top of that, this case had a female assailant.
We didn't have evidence...
to show that she attempted to rape him.
Without the recording, it was 100 percent sure...
she would be found innocent.
You're saying you had no other choice?
I decided we must win even if I have to cheat.
Ms. Sun is the assailant and that is a fact.
Fact.
Then what will you do about this?
There's nothing about a hard-working student...
that was almost raped by his professor.
They're only making it into a gossip.
Didn't you expect this with the recording?
Ma.
You must think that you're talented.
You're not.
It's because you're incompetent...
you keep turning towards ways to cheat!
Let me ask you something.
When you first came to CAGU,
you told me...
that you applied somewhere due to personal reasons.
Yes.
What is that personal reason?
Are you dying to move up?
Do you have someone to avenge?
Must I tell you that much?
No.
I'm telling you this place isn't where you can...
take your personal issues out!
Just write a statement of reasons and leave.
What? A statement?
You don't want to?
Should I write it to the disciplinary committee?
Miss, you have to pay first.
How much is it?
What is it?
Can't a psychopath hold up her own bag?
- We need to talk. - Ms. Min gave me a talk.
I'll decline if you're planning to add.
The trial...
Don't talk about the trial.
I know it's bad timing, but...
Then don't talk about it!
- Ms. Ma. - Stop it!
When are you moving?
- Pardon? - Your move.
Are you even looking?
Moving?
I have a lot of people that want to move in,
but you haven't mentioned about leaving,
so I'm in a bind.
Also, seeing you after work feels like...
I'm still at work. It's uncomfortable.
I'm sure you find it uncomfortable too.
Yes, well...
Great. I'm glad.
You should look around and let me know.
All right, then.
Gosh.
That newborn punk.
How can he say that while looking at me?
Gosh.
When I was a newbie like him,
I told my boss he's like my vitamin...
and that he gives me energy.
I was always sugarcoating everything.
That guy has a high IQ,
but he has zero talent in socializing.
I'm getting beat by my boss...
and my underling.
When you first came to CAGU, you told me...
that you applied somewhere due to personal reasons.
What is that personal reason?
Are you dying to move up?
Do you have someone...
to avenge?
(Missing)
Who keeps on taking them off?
(2003)
I posted five copies here yesterday.
But when I was passing by to make a delivery,
they were all gone again!
It's driving me crazy.
Do you think...
it's the person that kidnapped her?
The one that stole the posters.
- What? - What if he lives here?
If the woman he kidnapped...
is all over the neighborhood,
he must feel guilty. He would be uncomfortable.
That makes sense.
Let's go to the station and ask for CCTV footages.
That's the kidnapper!
(Ham Se Na)
Ma Yi Deum.
I heard you posted a complaint online...
saying that my dad was incompetent...
and couldn't find your mom.
What about it?
I didn't make it up.
My dad is being transferred far away.
I have to transfer schools!
That's why he should have found her.
He should have told me why he failed at least.
After three months, he left the case...
until it became eight years old.
Now, it's a cold case.
It's dereliction of duty.
What?
My dad is not a superhero.
Your mom ran away and is hiding.
How can my dad find her?
What?
Hey.
Who says she ran away?
Do you have evidence?
The neighbors...
are keeping it quiet because they pity you.
Your mom...
left you behind and ran away.
Why would she leave me?
Why?
Hey!
- Hey! - Stop it!
Let go!
Se Na. Gosh. Where's...
Mom.
What happened?
I got a report saying kids were fighting,
and it was Se Na.
Who did this to you? Who?
Was it you?
What do you have against my family?
You went on protests to find your mom,
then you wrote a complaint online...
and made my husband get reappointed.
Now, you're beating my daughter?
Well, the thing is...
Yi Deum got hurt too.
I didn't.
Be quiet. You're the same.
Look at that.
She doesn't even say sorry.
It's because you're so evil...
that your mom ran away!
How would you know?
Did you see my mom run away?
Stop it!
Go home with Se Na.
Now!
Let's go. Gosh.
You should go home too.
Mister.
I didn't write the complaint to harm you.
I just wanted to find my mom.
I miss her.
I just want to know if she's alive.
That's why...
Just assume that she's alive and well somewhere.
Runaway moms always come back...
at least once...
to see their kids.
That's not true!
My mom didn't run away!
She's not showing up because she's alive.
If she died, we would have found the body.
No...
You'll never find her if you do this.
Someone who saw her might pass by tomorrow.
Forget it.
I'm going to find her myself.
How?
I don't know.
I'll join the police or become the president.
I'll find her myself.
If she was kidnapped, I'll catch the culprit.
If...
she really ran away,
I'm going to succeed and make her come to me.
(Missing)
Don't cry, Ma Yi Deum.
You don't get anything out of crying.
It's hot.
(Witch's Court)
[VIU Ver] E03 Witch's Court "Second Case"
-= Ruo Xi =-
This is crazy.
You look so beautiful.
From this side, you look like Gianna Jun.
From here, you're like Song Hye Kyo.
On this side, you look like Kim Tae Hee.
Whatever.
Isn't this a bit too risque?
Not at all, ma'am.
You have a nice figure,
and a pretty shoulder line,
so it looks much better to show it off.
Still, I think something more modest is better.
Many professors from your hospital will come.
I guess.
I like them all,
so get what you want.
- Just a minute. - I'll bring the tiaras.
(Video of your fiance is circulating online.)
(Thought you should know.)
Ga Young.
This...
This isn't you, is it?
What is it?
(Sex Video Case)
(Case No. 2017GO7631)
I'll hand them out.
Last week...
I'm sorry, I'm 5 minutes late.
Are you taking a trip?
No, ma'am.
It's embarrassing...
Did you see that everyone?
This is the danger of ingesting sodium at night.
Let's get to work.
Yes, ma'am. I'll start over.
This is the sex video case...
from last week.
The victim is Song Ga Young,
a kindergarten teacher in her 30s.
She's getting married next month.
The prime suspect, Sang Gyoon Kim,
is her ex-boyfriend from two years ago.
He is currently in between jobs.
A suspect?
Maybe he got angry that his ex was engaged...
and posted it online.
He claims he is also a victim.
After checking the video,
we confirmed that his face is shown briefly as well.
Still, who looks at the guy's face?
They remember only the girl's face.
Right, Mr. Koo?
I don't watch, so I wouldn't know.
Really?
Ever since I joined CAGU,
I quit porn.
Especially with regular people's videos,
it feels like I'm sinning just by watching.
Okay.
Anyway,
our investigation will prove...
whether or not he's a victim.
Everyone, say something.
I predict it will be difficult.
It will be punishable...
according to Criminal Law on Sexual Assault.
But she consented to filming the video.
There is no proof it was uploaded intentionally.
I also vote for it'll be difficult.
Even if we prove a crime was committed,
it's his first offense,
so it'll likely end with just a fine.
If you're all going to say such thoughtless things,
go home.
Do you think this law is a joke?
Because people get fined,
you think it's like public urination?
Imagine a video of your nude body...
is circulating online.
Will you...
just fine the person because it is...
his first offense and there isn't much evidence?
Circulating illegally filmed videos...
is like murdering a person's character.
As long as it's our case,
I want to create precedent that a first offender...
can be punished severely.
Who'll do it?
I'll give it a shot.
Ma?
As sort of a penance for yesterday's trial.
With a new heart and new conviction,
I'll make a new start.
I'll be thoughtful and considerate...
so the victim does not cry twice again.
You can't do it alone.
Yeo will work with you.
What? No?
Then don't do it.
I don't want to be stabbed in the back again.
No, ma'am. I'll work hard.
Okay.
Let's talk later.
Our emotions were running high yesterday,
but when you get a good night's sleep,
you return to being sane.
In light of that,
don't you want to say something?
Were you offended...
that I called you a psychopath?
Yes, very offended.
It was very rude,
but we work together, so if you apologize,
I'll let it slide.
I'm so magnanimous.
I don't know.
You don't know?
You were the rude one, to be honest.
- I was? - To Woo Sung.
Did you apologize?
Of course, not.
Do you know how terrifying coming out is...
for homosexuals?
Of course, not.
You probably think you don't need to know.
- What are you... - You may have won...
the trial, but you killed a person.
That's why I don't need to apologize...
for calling you a psychopath.
Does that hurt?
Losing a trial hurts 100 times more.
What? Apologize?
To a prosecutor,
winning is apologizing.
Ms. Ma.
It's so frustrating...
working with an older rookie.
I'll stick to you...
and rearrange that brain of yours.
Just wait.
I put my place up for rent.
I'll leave right away,
so refund my deposit right away, okay?
Why is there so much?
Hidden camera cases.
They cracked down on hidden cameras last month.
Sex-trafficking cases of minors are backed up.
What's this case about...
that it's so thick?
This one...
is a bit ambiguous and preposterous.
It's unclear who's the principal...
of the crime.
They should be here soon for questioning.
Excuse me.
I'm very sorry.
I didn't know he was taking such photos.
He kept asking for my phone,
so I thought he was watching cartoons.
In other words,
this kid...
took upskirt photos using your phone.
Is that it?
Yes.
He's very mischievous.
I would've scolded him if I had known sooner.
I'm too busy working,
and he has no mom, so...
It's tough raising a kid.
Daddy, don't cry.
Daddy's fine.
Son.
Do you like Thunderman?
Taking pictures up women's skirts...
is a very bad thing.
If you do it again,
Thunderman will punish you.
Okay?
Thank you very much.
Why did you just let him go?
Do you really believe that the kid did it?
He said he did it without his dad knowing.
You didn't see them because they just came,
but he received over 80 citations from officers...
making rounds on the subway.
And although it's old, he was caught...
secretly taking photos and paid a fine.
Yes? So what?
You want me to accuse him based on gut feelings...
and send him to jail?
What about the kid?
They're divorced, so he doesn't even have a mom.
You're the type...
that gets weak when you see a child.
Whatever.
If you irks you so much,
you can bring me evidence yourself.
But I'll be nice and process this case.
What? What? What is it?
Insufficient evidence. No culpability.
Non-indictment.
It's work for me.
(Video Recorded Interrogation Room)
Ta-da.
Happy 100 days.
I have another gift.
- What is it? - Come here.
What...
You have to delete this, okay?
Okay.
What is it?
The gift is...
Yes?
You're so sexy.
It was all over the web already.
They called me Gangnam Single Lady.
When was the video filmed?
On our 100th day anniversary.
Could you explain in more detail please?
It was two summers ago.
You only recently saw the video.
Did you not know that the video was circulating?
Of course, not.
I didn't even imagine that the video was around.
We deleted it...
right away.
Who saves sex videos nowadays?
I only did it...
because he said he'd delete it right away.
And I saw him delete it.
Did you find any other videos?
I don't know yet.
But I think there are.
He always wanted to take pictures and videos.
So we fought a lot.
I was nervous when we broke up...
that there were pictures that I didn't know about.
But he started dating right after we broke up.
So I was relaxed.
But he uploaded this.
Kim Sang Gyoon claims he's a victim as well...
and that someone else leaked the video.
Give me a break. That jerk is a demon.
He lied about deleting it and kept it! I'm positive.
Delete it.
Okay. You confirmed that it's gone, right?
Right?
But...
Ta-da.
It isn't even that high-tech.
If you set up auto back-up to the cloud,
deleting it locally is useless.
They're so smart.
Are you saying this is how Sang Gyoon uploaded it?
It is still just a deduction.
What about the video?
Do we have the results?
I looked,
and Kim Sang Gyoon's face was slightly blurred,
but that alone is a big ambiguous.
So there's nothing concrete.
Why did you call us here to tell us nothing?
Well, I was just about to start telling you.
What is it?
Just in case, I checked...
the ip address in China, the original source.
I tracked the ip address,
and found an unexpected file.
Another video?
Well, it was posted on an illegal site...
and was asked to be removed.
They didn't delete it all and parts of it remained.
What's the guarantee that it was the same guy?
Why don't you watch first?
Okay.
But he started dating right after we broke up.
So I was relaxed.
What? Did Kim Sang Gyoon film another one?
A second victim.
Can you find out who she is?
Me?
Well,
if there is a record of her request to delete it,
I can probably find out if I get it from Ms. Song.
Is Kim Sang Gyoon still MIA, Ms. Song?
I called all morning, but he wouldn't answer.
I think he blocked our number.
He won't cooperate?
We'll get a warrant and put out an APB on him.
There's a good chance Kim Sang Gyoon...
approached girls with the intention...
of filming sex videos.
As in, there are probably more victims.
At a scale this big,
shouldn't we consider distribution too?
Here it is.
Enter it into my GPS for me.
What a pain.
Name, Oh Min Jung.
She was a famous hair designer in Apgujeong,
but she quit her job and moved here.
Hello.
We're here to see Oh Min Jung.
Oh Min Jung?
There's no one by that name.
- Who are you? - I'm...
Please finish up.
Okay.
When I moved here, I changed my name.
In apartment complexes, rumors spread quickly.
Don't worry too much.
We'll leave after asking a couple of questions.
How did you meet Kim Sang Gyoon?
I dated that jerk...
while I was on a break from the baby's dad.
We dated maybe three months.
I liked him at first.
He was younger, cute, and nice.
He said he'd propose if he passed his test.
I was stupid and did anything he wanted.
What he wanted?
Videos.
He liked filming videos.
At first, I played along like a game,
but it got annoying because it was nonstop.
I thought he was a pervert and that scared me too.
Is that why you broke up?
No.
I caught him cheating with a girl he met at a club.
He was just too much,
so I asked him to break up.
Then the videos popped up just before your wedding.
Yes,
A friend texted during the families' dinner.
She said a strange video was circulating online,
and that it looked like me,
and to delete it before my fiance found out.
I considered calling the police at first.
But they'll only begin the investigation...
if you submit screenshots of the photos and videos.
My wedding was a month later,
and I was pregnant with my first.
Getting rid of it was priority,
so I hired a company to delete the files.
Do you know...
why I'm telling you this?
You said this happened to someone else too?
Yes.
- It'll go to court? - Yes, correct.
Speaking of which,
I won't testify.
Don't call for me.
Ms. Oh.
I depleted my account to pay the fixer.
I almost died.
I still get sick when I think about it.
Just hearing his name gives me chills.
I pity the woman, but don't come back.
What is it?
Kim Sang Gyoon was arrested.
They're bringing him in.
He got caught for running from a sobriety test.
- Was he drinking? - No. He panicked...
when he heard about the arrest warrant.
I can finally see what he looks like.
Look.
What psycho would post videos of himself...
doing it with his girlfriend?
It's clear what happens if you get caught.
What happens?
It's a special crime under sexual assault.
"If you use a camera to record..."
Stuff like that.
Up to 5 years in jail...
or a fine of up to 10,000 dollars.
Right?
You know it well, so why did you do it?
Pardon?
Were you angry about Ga Young getting married?
You're still unemployed,
preparing to be a civil servant...
while working part time for 1,000 dollars a month.
Your ex-girlfriend was marrying a wealthy doctor,
so you wanted to post the video for revenge?
That's too cliche.
- What? - We broke up long ago.
It's been like two years already.
I can barely remember her face.
Why would I get revenge?
Also,
why do you treat me like I'm the perp?
If I'm 30 years old...
and make only 1,000 a month,
I'm just a pervert that uploads sex videos?
What was that?
What about this?
Remember her?
I don't know.
You have a camera at the same spot...
and even the ip address is the same.
You filmed them the same way,
and sent the files from the same ip address.
We can easily give you a harsh punishment.
If we trace your bank account to obtain proof...
of payment received,
we can get you for distribution too.
Sang Gyoon.
Do you think we called you here to make jokes?
You're quite frustrating.
Come on.
Who gets paid cash for uploading videos?
You get e-currency.
When business is good,
you make over 10,000 dollars.
The younger the girls,
the better it sells.
That's what I read once on the internet.
Also,
do you have proof that I spoofed my ip address?
Do you?
You have no way to find out how it leaked.
That why you're trying to get me to confess.
Right?
Mr. Kim.
You must like to make things bigger.
I guess you seek out punishment.
The more the better.
Don't be rude.
If a woman I never met before lectures me,
I get upset.
Oh my.
Did you see me as a woman?
You are a woman.
Arrest him?
We can hold him for 48 hours after arrest.
We have to find the digital evidence...
and arrest him once he have the original.
Let's wait for the warrant.
If the court complaints about how it was obtained,
it will be inadmissible.
Didn't you see how he was acting?
He sexually harassed me without batting an eye.
If we let him go now, he'll delete evidence.
Let's get going.
I'll get the warrant somehow.
Did you check their adderesses?
Time is not on our side for digital evidences.
But...
someone may be inside.
You restrain his housemate first.
The rest of you, pack up all electrics. Okay?
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Aren't we done yet?
Is there more left?
They want to eat and start over.
What do you want? Gomtang or jjajangmyeon?
Expecting guests. Clean thoroughly.
(Expecting guests. Clean thoroughly.)
What's he talking about?
Who is it?
He's onto us. Break it down.
Yes, sir. Let's go.
Please hurry. Hurry.
Why?
It's open.
Don't move.
It isn't me.
Are you hurt?
No, well...
It doesn't look like it can be recovered.
I know.
The hard disk was probably damaged.
How long will it take to recover?
It'll take at least at a couple of days.
Then we have to let him go.
We have no choice, since we lack evidence.
I'll work as quickly I assume.
You idiot.
- I told you erase it. - Shut it!
This is all your fault.
You're a punk who shoots videos secretly.
How dare you harass a prosecutor?
I'll take you in as soon as I find evidence.
Wait quietly within a five-mile radius.
Got that?
Mommy. Let's hurry up and watch Thunderman.
Okay, We're on our way to see Thunderman.
I'm the stupid one to think I could rest.
Okay. Slow down.
- Thunderman! - I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
What happens if you're loud in public places?
- Will you arrest us? - Will you arrest us?
Don't use words like that.
You always say that to Dad.
"I'll arrest you."
"You'll be indicted."
- That's right. - I did not.
It's yesterday's Thunderman!
- Where? - You're right!
Protecting the Earth, Thunder power!
You can do it, right?
You've been using your kid all this time.
You...
were caught in the act.
That's not it. That... That's not it.
My boy So Joon... I mean...
I'm very sorry.
- Hey, apologize. - Shut your mouth.
(Ma Yi Deum)
(Ma Yi Deum, prosecutor)
Good work.
Thank you. Good night.
Aren't you taking the bus?
I drove.
You have a car and we live in the same building,
but you won't offer a ride even just to be nice.
- Go with me. - Forget it.
You mean it?
Look at him.
I got in only to be nice.
I'm a very private person,
and don't like carpooling with colleagues.
Okay. I'm sure.
I'm so tired.
But...
don't you get it now?
Why prosecutors hate going into CAGU.
Well... Sure.
It's like...
you see the worst in people.
I mean, think about it.
We get paid the same,
but some look good uncovering slush funds...
and exposing corporate corruption,
but I'm chasing a punk...
who posts videos of his girlfriend online.
This won't even help my career...
once I stop being a prosecutor.
This is the absolute worst.
Hold on. Ms. Ma.
Weren't you talking about the victims?
Sorry?
Weren't you saying you can relate to them...
when you saw them nervous about the videos?
You didn't feel compassion towards them?
Compassion is one thing.
Why would I relate?
Isn't it natural?
Why?
I'll never shoot a video like that even If I date.
Come in.
It's facing the sun,
so it's bright...
and quiet.
And because a woman lives alone here,
it's very clean.
It's spotless...
The cleaning services are good lately.
You call them up,
and they make it spotless.
Where's the bathroom?
The bath... That way.
Excuse me.
Hello? Yes. Thank you for calling.
Yes.
I mean, even if you're in love.
You can't trust anyone.
How could you film a video like that?
I won't let him take out even a selfie stick.
You're never dated, have you?
What?
Haven't you ever wanted to capture in a photo...
the happy moment you were sharing?
Why did this turn to relationship?
I'm talking about a crime.
I'm talking about a crime too.
You can do anything when you're in love.
You too.
You can shoot videos and take pictures.
But imagine...
that video you made with love...
spread online and is being watched by strangers.
Imagine how Ga Young and Min Jung feel.
Can't you relate?
I'm always careful so I don't relate.
Because feeling emotions for victims...
only complicate things...
and doesn't help the investigation.
Sure.
Okay.
Where did he hide it?
Let me think.
Maybe not.
First floor.
Go up first.
I need to stop by the convenience store.
Okay.
Finally home.
What the...
What's this?
(Witch's Court)
He just turned himself in.
It was awesome.
You're going to watch it?
It's evidence.
Where's the tablet PC?
- I threw it away! - Ms. Ma!
You'll give that punk prosecutor...
my case?
Who's the one who lost to that punk?
We can win this trial.
You're acting like a video exists,
when it does not, to corner the accused.
Please answer.
Ma Yi Deum is Kwak Young Shil's child.
That's not all.
The male prosecutor in the department...
Want to sleep at my place tonight?